Which type of cloud service model is most like an on-premises environment, where you configure virtual infrastructure components
such as compute, network, and storage services that you can host your applications on?

Software as a Service (SaaS)Platform as a Service (PaaS)Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS)Function as a Service (FaaS)


Your company is looking to move all its applications and services to the cloud but would like to migrate workloads in stages. 
This would require you to ensure that there is connectivity between the on-premises infrastructure and the applications you deploy on 
AWS for a while. What cloud deployment model would you need to establish?Private cloudPublic cloudHybrid cloudMulti-cloud
Which of the following statements are valid reasons for choosing a specific AWS Region to deploy your applications in? (Choose two)”

Your organization would choose a specific AWS Region that enables you to ensure that your applications are closer to your end users, thereby reducing any latency.”
If your organization has specific compliance or data residency laws to follow, then your choice of an AWS Region will be dictated by this requirement.
Your organization would choose a Region closer to its location since your IT staff will need to visit the AWS data centers to set up servers and networking equipment.
Your organization would choose a Region-based location where your business has an established legal presence. This is because you cannot access other Regions unless you have a legal establishment in that Region.
Your organization would select an AWS Region that offered higher variable costs but lower upfront costs.

Which component of the AWS Global Infrastructure enables you to cache content (videos, images, and documents) and offer low-latency 
access when your users try to download them?
AWS Regions
Availability Zones
Edge locations
Local Zones


Which of the following AWS services can help you design a hybrid cloud architecture and enable your on-premises applications to get access 
to Amazon S3 cloud storage?
Amazon Snowball Edge
AWS Storage Gateway
Amazon Elastic Block Store
Amazon CloudFront

“You are planning on using AWS services to host an application that is still under development, and you need to decide which AWS support 
plan you should subscribe to. You do not need production-level support currently and are happy with a 12-hour response time f
or any system-impaired issues. Which is the most cost-effective support plan you should subscribe to?
Basic Support plan
Developer Support plan
Business Support plan
Enterprise Support plan


Which of the following are regarded as global services on AWS? (Choose two)
AWS IAM
Amazon Route53
Amazon EC
2Amazon EFS
Amazon RDS


Which of the following statements closely relates to the advantage of cloud computing that discusses the ability to go global in minutes?
The ability to trade capital expenses for variable expenses and thus avoid huge CAPEX.
The ability to provision resources just in time for when you need them using tools such as Auto Scaling.
The ability to deploy your applications across multiple Regions with just a few mouse clicks.
The ability to focus on experimentation and the development of your applications rather than infrastructure builds, management, and maintenance.

Which AWS service can you configure to send out an alert to an email address if your total expenditure crosses a predefined monthly cost?
Set up a billing alarm in Amazon CloudWatch
Set up a billing alarm in Amazon CloudTrail
Set up a billing alarm in Amazon Config
Set up a billing blarm in Amazon Trusted Advisor


Which of the following resource types is tied to the Availability Zone that it was launched in?
Elastic Block Store (EBS)
Elastic File Store (EFS)
Amazon Route53 Hosted Zones”
Amazon DynamoDB
			
			 
			
As part of enhancing the security of your AWS account, you need to ensure that all IAM users use complex passwords comprising of 
at least one capital letter, a number, a symbol, and a minimum of 9 characters. Which AWS IAM feature can you use to configure 
these requirements?
Password policies
Permission boundaries
Service Control Policies (SCPs)
Resource policies



As a recommended best practice, what additional authentication security measure can you implement for your root user and IAM users?
Implement MFA.
Implement LastPass.
Implement AWS WAF.
Implement AWS Shield.



What is the easiest way to assign permissions to many IAM users who share a common job function?
Create a customer-managed IAM policy and attach the same policies to all IAM users who share a common job function.
Create an IAM Group, add IAM users who share the common job function to that group, and apply an IAM policy to the group with the necessary permissions.
Create an SCP to restrict users who share a common job function for specific permissions.
Create an IAM role with the necessary permissions and assign the role to all IAM users who share the common job function.


You have outsourced the development of your application to a third-party provider. This provider will require temporary access to your 
AWS account to set up the necessary infrastructure and deploy the application. What type of identity should you configure for the provider 
to use to gain access?
IAM User
IAM Group
IAM roleRoot user



Which tool on AWS can be used to estimate your monthly costs?
WS Pricing CalculatorAWS TCO Calculator
AWS Free Tier Calculator
AWS Monthly Calculator



You need to differentiate the cost of running different workloads in your AWS account by business unit and department. How you can identify 
your resources, as well as their owners, in the billing reports generated by AWS?
Designate specific tags as cost allocation tags in the AWS Billing and Cost Management Console.
Set up an SNS alert for each department.
Create a billing alarm.
Configure consolidated billing in AWS Organizations.
				
                
Which AWS tool enables you to view your Reserved Instance (RI) utilization?
AWS Cost Explorer
AWS Config
AWS CloudTrail
AWS Personal Health Dashboard
			
			
Which set of credentials do you need to configure for IAM users who need to access your AWS account via the command-line interface (CLI)?
IAM username and password
IAM access key ID and secret access key
IAM MFA
IAM key pairs



An application is to be deployed on EC2 instances that will need to access an Amazon S3 bucket to upload any artifacts that are created. 
Which security option is considered a best practice to grant the application running on the EC2 instances the necessary 
permissions to upload files to the Amazon S3 bucket?
Create an IAM user account with a set of access keys and assign the required level of permissions using an IAM policy. Hardcode the application with the access keys.
Create an IAM user account with a username and password and assign the required level of permissions using an IAM policy. Hardcode the application with the username and password.
Create an IAM role with the required level of permissions using an IAM policy. Attach the role to the application running on the EC2 instance.
Create an IAM role with the required level of permissions using an IAM policy. Attach the role to the EC2 instances that will host the application.



Which AWS service enables you to troubleshoot IAM policies by identifying which set of permissions are allowed and which are denied?
AWS Policy Simulator
AWS Policy Manager
AWS CloudTrail
AWS SCPs
			
			
As part of your regular compliance processes, you are required to regularly audit the list of your IAM users and review information such as 
if they have been configured with passwords and access keys, as well as if MFA has been enabled on those accounts.
 Which AWS IAM service enables you to produce regular reports containing the preceding information?
 IAM Credentials Report
 IAM MFA Report
 AWS CloudWatch
 AWS Config



Which type of AWS policy enables you to define boundaries against what an IAM user or IAM role can be permitted to do in your AWS account?
IAM policies
Resource-based policies
SCPs
Permission boundaries



Which type of AWS policy enables you to control the maximum set of permissions that can be defined for AWS member accounts of an organization?
IAM policies
Resource-based policies
SCPs
Permission boundaries


Which of the following Amazon S3 storage classes can help you reduce the cost of storage for objects that are infrequently accessed, and yet still give you instant access when you need it?
Amazon S3 Standard-IA
Amazon S3 Glacier
Amazon S3 Glacier Deep Archive
Amazon S3 Standard
			
			 
			
You are hosting an Amazon S3 bucket that contains important documents, and you want to enhance security whereby IAM users who try to 
access the objects can only do so from within the corporate office network. How would you configure your S3 bucket to fulfill this 
requirement?
Create a resource policy granting the necessary level of access with a condition statement that defines and specifies the corporate office IP block.
Create a resource policy granting the necessary level of access with a condition statement that specifies your corporate IAM users' accounts.
Create an SCP granting access with a condition statement that specifies the corporate office IP block.
Create an Amazon S3 Access Control List (ACL) with a condition statement that specifies your corporate IAM users' accounts.




Which type of Amazon S3 Storage class is cost-effective where you are unsure of your access patterns for the data contained within the S3 bucket?
Amazon S3 Standard storage class
Amazon S3 Standard-IA storage class
Amazon S3 One-Zone IA
Amazon S3 Intelligent Tiering


Your junior colleague accidentally deleted some financial data that was stored in an Amazon S3 bucket. How can you prevent such 
accidental deletions of data in Amazon S3?
Do not give junior administrators access to Amazon S3.
Set up Amazon S3 Versioning on your S3 bucket. 
Set up Amazon S3 Lifecycle Management.
Set up Amazon S3 Termination Protection.



Which feature of Amazon S3 enables you to create a secondary copy of your objects in a given S3 bucket that will be stored in a 
different Region for compliance purposes?
Amazon S3 Cross-Region Replication (CRR)
Amazon S3 Same Region Replication
Amazon S3 Versioning
Amazon S3 Multi-Copy


Company policy dictates that objects stored in Amazon S3 must be encrypted at rest. It is also mandated that your choice of encryption 
should offer an auditing feature that shows when your Customer Master Key (CMK) was used and by whom. Which type of Amazon S3 
encryption option will you need to configure to fulfill the requirements?
Server-Side Encryption with Amazon S3-Managed Keys (SSE-S3)
Client-Side EncryptionServer-Side Encryption with KMS keys stored in AWS Key Management Service (SSE-KMS) 
Bitlocker



You need to retrieve a small subset of some archive data urgently to resolve a pending investigation. The data is stored in the Amazon 
S3 Glacier storage class. Which retrieval option can use to access the data urgently?
Standard retrieval option
Expedited retrieval option
Bulk retrieval option
Power retrieval option



You have a team of remote workers who need to upload research documents and videos to your Amazon S3 bucket hosted in the us-east-1 Region. 
You would like to ensure that your remote staff can upload research material with low latency access. What can you do to reduce 
speed variability for uploads, which are often experienced due to the architecture of the public internet?
Enable Amazon S3 Transfer Acceleration (S3TA) for your bucket.
Configure an IPSec site-to-site VPN connection between your remote workers and the VPC in the us-east-1 Region.
Use the Amazon Storage Gateway service.
Set up Amazon Express Route.


You need to transfer large amounts of data from your on-premises network to the Amazon S3 platform. The total data capacity is around 
400 TB. You have decided to opt for the Amazon Snowball Edge service to complete the transfer. No data compute or processing is required. 
Which flavor of the Amazon Snowball Edge service would you recommend?
Snowball Edge Compute Optimized
Snowball Edge Storage Optimized
Snowball Edge Data Optimized
Snowball Edge Function Optimized



You host several Microsoft Windows applications on-premises that need low latency access to large amounts of storage. You would like to 
use the Amazon Storage Gateway service to host all application-level data. Which gateway option would you recommend?
Amazon S3 File Gateway
Amazon FSx File Gateway
Volume Gateway Cached Mode
Tape Gateway



Following best practices, you have deployed your application servers within the private subnets of a VPC. However, these servers require 
internet access to download updates and security patches. Which type of resource can enable you to grant internet access to EC2 i
nstances in private subnets without having to assign public IP addresses to those instances?
Internet gateway
NAT gateway
Subnet
Route table


Which of the following statements is true about security groups?
Security groups are stateful and you need to configure both inbound and the corresponding outbound rules for traffic to flow bidirectionally.
Security groups are stateless and you do not need to configure both inbound and the corresponding outbound rules for traffic to flow bidirectionally.
Security groups can be used to explicitly deny inbound traffic from a specific IP address range.
Security groups are used to limit what actions IAM users that are members of the group can perform.



Which feature of the AWS VPC service enables you to connect multiple VPCs so that traffic between those VPCs can be sent using private 
IP address space?
VPC peering
VPC Flow Logs
Subnets
VPC endpoints


Which service enables you to reduce the complexity associated with establishing multiple VPC peering connections?
AWS Transit Gateway
AWS VPC Manager
AWS Direct Connect
IPSec VPN Tunnel



Which AWS service enables you to connect your on-premises network to your AWS account using a dedicated private connection that 
bypasses the internet altogether?
IPSec VPN
Express Route
Direct Connect
Snowball



Which AWS feature can help you establish connectivity between your on-premises network and your AWS VPC using an IPSec tunnel?
Direct Connect
Virtual Private Network (VPN)
AWS Outposts
Amazon SNS


You are about to publish your web application using an Application Load Balancer (ALB) and would like to use a friendly domain name to 
advertise the site to your users rather than the ALB's DNS name. Which AWS service can you use to configure the alias's name so that 
when users type in the friendly domain name into the browser, they are directed to the ALB's DNS URL?
Amazon Route53
Amazon CloudFront
Amazon S3
Amazon Direct Connect

Which AWS service enables you to purchase and register new domain names that can be used to publish your website on the internet?
Route53
VPC
RDS
Elastic Beanstalk


You have developed a web application that you want to offer redundancy and resilience for. Which feature of the Amazon Route53 service can 
help you design your web application with a primary site where all users' traffic is directed to, by default, and if the primary site 
is offline, then users are redirected to a secondary site located in a different Region. 
Simple routing policy
Weighted routing policy
Failover routing policy
Geolocation routing policy


You plan to host a new Amazon S3 static website through which you will offer free recipe guides. The site is going to be accessed by users 
across the globe. The site contains lots of videos and images about the recipes you offer. Which AWS service can help you cache your 
digital assets locally to where users are located and thus reduce latency when your users access content on your website?
Amazon Route53
Amazon VPC
Amazon CloudFront
Amazon Cloud9


You have created an EC2 AMI that contains the base operating system and all necessary corporate settings/configurations. Your colleagues 
in another Region are trying to launch new EC2 instances but they are unable to access your AMI. What do you need to do so that your 
colleagues can use the new image?
Copy the AMI to other Regions.
Set up a VPC endpoint between the Regions to allow your colleagues to download the AMI.
Copy the AMI to an S3 bucket.
Use the Amazon Snowball service to send a copy of the AMI to your colleagues.

Which EC2 instance type is designed for floating-point number calculations, graphics processing, or data pattern matching?
General Purpose
Memory-Optimized
Compute Optimized
Accelerated Computing


You need to deploy a certain third-party application on an EC2 instance where the licensing term is based on a per-CPU core/socket basis.
Which EC2 pricing option do you need to use for this requirement?
On-Demand 
Reserved Instance
Spot Instance
Dedicated Host


You are currently running a test phase for a new application that is being developed in-house. Your UAT testers will need to access 
test servers for 3 hours a day, three times a week. The test phase is supposed to last 5 weeks. You cannot afford any interruptions
to the application while the tests are being run. Which EC2 pricing option will be the most cost-effective?
On-Demand
Reserved
Spot
Dedicated Host
				
                
Which EBS volume type is designed for critical, I/O-intensive databases and application workloads?
gp2
st1
sc1
io1



Which of the following payment options will help you achieve the maximum discount for your RIs?
A 1-year commitment with payment made using the Partial Upfront option.
A 1-year commitment with payment made using the All Upfront option.
A 1-year commitment with payment made using the No Upfront option.
A 3-year commitment with payment made using the All Upfront option.


Which AWS service enables you to quickly deploy a Virtual Private Server (VPS) that comes preconfigured with common application stacks, 
SSD storage, and fixed IP addresses for a fixed monthly fee based on the configuration of the server?
Amazon EC2
Amazon Lightsail
Amazon ECS
Amazon ECR


You are planning on deploying a Docker application on AWS. You wish to deploy your Docker image without having to manage EC2 instances 
such as provisioning and scaling clusters, or patching and updating virtual servers yourself. 
Which service enables you to fulfill this requirement?
Amazon ECS deployed using the EC2 Launch Type
Amazon ECS deployed using the Fargate Launch Type
Amazon ECS deployed using ECR
Amazon ECS deployed with Lambda functions to manage your servers



Which of the following services is part of the AWS serverless offering that allows you to run code in response to a trigger or event?
Amazon ECS
AWS Lambda
Amazon EC2
AWS CloudFront


Which AWS storage option is designed to offer file sharing capabilities for Windows-aware applications and offers options for integration 
with Microsoft Active Directory?
AWS FSx for Lustre
Amazon FSx for Windows File Server 
AWS Elastic File System
AWS instance store volumes



You are planning on deploying 10 EC2 instances across two Availability Zones that will host the new line of business applications. 
All the servers will need to share common files and will run the Amazon Linux 2 operating system. Which storage architecture would you 
recommend to host the shared files for your application servers?
Amazon Elastic File System (EFS)
Amazon FSx Lustre
Amazon S3
Amazon EBS


You have just launched a Windows EC2 instance. How can you obtain the Windows local administrator password?
Raise a support request with Amazon to obtain the password.
The password is sent to you automatically via email.
The password is sent to you via an SMS text message to your registered mobile.
Use the key pair to decrypt the password.


Which AWS service enables you to configure a hybrid solution by extending AWS Infrastructure so that EC2 and EBS services can be hosted 
in your on-premise data center?
AWS RDS
AWS Direct Connect
AWS Outposts
AWS Route53


Your company provides spread betting services. You wish to run an end of day analysis against the day's transaction costs and carry 
out the necessary market analysis. Which AWS service dynamically provisions the necessary compute services that will scale based on
the volume and resource requirements of your submitted jobs?
AWS Batch
AWS CloudFront
AWS Lambda
AWS Blockchain


Which AWS service can help you deploy, manage, and scale containerized applications using Kubernetes on AWS?
Amazon ECS
Amazon EKS
Amazon MFA
Amazon EC2


Which of the following statements is an example of an advantage of using Amazon RDS over databases installed on EC2 instances?
Amazon RDS is a fully managed database where AWS manages the underlying compute and storage architecture, as well as patching and updates.
Amazon RDS grants you access to the operating system, allowing you to fine-tune the database for the operating system it is running.
Amazon RDS is faster than running the Microsoft SQL Server database on EC2 instances.
Amazon RDS automatically enables encryption of the data in Amazon RDS.


Which feature of Amazon RDS enables you to create a standby copy of the database and offer failover capabilities if the master copy fails?
Read Replicas
Multi-AZ
Failover policy
Snapshots

Your company is planning to migrate its on-premises MySQL database to Amazon RDS. Which service will enable you to perform the migration?
Amazon Server Migration Service (SMS)
Amazon Database Migration Service (DMS)
Amazon VM Import Export
Amazon Redshift Migration Utility


Which feature of AWS Redshift allows you to perform SQL queries against data stored directly on Amazon S3 buckets?
Redshift leader node 
Redshift Spectrum
Redshift Copy
Redshift Streams


Which Amazon RDS engine offers high resilience with copies of the database placed across a minimum of three Availability Zones?
MySQL
PostgreSQL
Microsoft SQL Server
Amazon Aurora


Which AWS-managed database service enables you to store data using complex structures with options for nested attributes, such as a JSON-style 
document?
Amazon RDS
Amazon Redshift
Amazon DynamoDB
Amazon Aurora



Which AWS database service is designed to store sensitive data that is immutable and where the transactional logs are cryptographically 
verifiable?
AWS QLDB
Amazon Neptune
Amazon Aurora
Amazon RDS


